## Markov Chain Tweet Generator
Overview
This program generates random tweets using a Markov chain based on input text data. It reads text from a file, constructs a Markov chain based on the input, and then generates random tweets using that chain.

## Usage
To use this program, compile the source code with a C compiler and execute the generated executable with the following command-line arguments:
./markov_chain_tweet_generator [file_path] [seed] [max_tweets] [words_to_read]
file_path: The path to the text file containing input text data.
seed: An integer value to seed the random number generator.
max_tweets: An integer value specifying the maximum number of tweets to generate.
words_to_read: (Optional) An integer value specifying the number of words to read from the input text file. If not provided, the program will read the entire text file.

## Error Messages
Usage: parameter num 3 or 4 only.: Indicates that the program expects either 3 or 4 command-line arguments.
Error: Given file path is invalid.: Indicates that the provided file path is invalid and the file could not be opened.
Implementation Details
The program uses a Markov chain data structure to generate tweets.
It reads text data from a file and constructs the Markov chain based on the input.
The fill_database function reads words from the input file, adds them to the Markov chain, and updates their frequency.
Random tweets are generated by selecting a random starting node in the Markov chain and traversing it to construct a tweet.
Dependencies
markov_chain.h: Header file containing declarations for the Markov chain data structure and related functions.

## License

This program was written by a student of the Introduction to Computer Science course at the Hebrew University in Jerusalem as part of the course requirements.
